Customer feedback updates (#1345)
auth0/docs-v2: main/docs/customize/email/smtp-email-providers/microsoft-365-exchange-online.mdx

   <Callout icon="file-lines" color="#0EA5E9" iconType="regular">
   Before you configure **Application permissions**, you need administrative consent.
   </Callout>

   <Callout icon="file-lines" color="#0EA5E9" iconType="regular">
   By default, `Mail.Send` grants permission to send as any user in your tenant. To restrict access to a specific mailbox, use [RBAC for Applications in Exchange Online](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/permissions-exo/application-rbac) to scope the permission to a specific service principal.
   </Callout>
6. Retrieve required provider configurations:

   1. Navigate to the **Application Overview** to retrieve your application [Client ID and Tenant ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/healthcare-apis/register-application#application-id-client-id).
   2. Navigate to **Manage > Certificates & secrets** and collect the **Value** to create an application [secret](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/healthcare-apis/register-application#certificates--secrets).

>    3. Retrieve the organization **User Email** that will send the emails through the application. Navigate to **Users > Active users**, select your authorized user, and collect their **User Email** from their properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. Retrieve the organization **User Email** that sends emails through the application. Navigate to **Users > Active users**, select your authorized user, and collect their **User Email** from their properties.
```
